# HangmanWithDictionaryFile
Hangman With Dictionary File. You created a Wheel of Fortune project in Ch 9 in the previous Java course. In that version, you hard-coded the array of letters for the word the user needed to guess. In this version (called Hangman because it's shorter for this long project name), you will write a series of 6 words into a file which will serve as the dictionary of words for the game. When the project starts, that dictionary will be read into an array of words, and a random number will select which one is used in the play of the game. The rest of the game is the same as the project in Ch 9.  Before you begin, be sure to look at the Try It Out exercises in the additional reading in Canvas, "Reading about File Processing".  The file for this dictionary is “words.txt”, and it will contain 6 words that are input by the user. The words can be of different lengths. There need to be 6 words so there are enough to see different words chosen for the play of the game. You can use a larger number, but know that you have to enter all of those words at least once to get them into the dictionary. Six is enough to see different words chosen by random number, but not so large that entering the data becomes burdensome.  COPY the Wheel of Fortune project from Ch 9. In the class file, remove the hard-coding for the array that holds the letters of the word. In the constructor, add a parameter for a word, determine the size variable as the length of that word to create a 2D array of that size, and populate the 2D array with the letters from that word that was passed into the constructor.  There will be significant changes in the driver file. First, you need to check for the existence of the file “words.txt”. If it exists, then the user has already entered the words for the dictionary and the program can skip to the following section. If the file does not exist, then the user needs to enter 6 words, each written to a file named “words.txt”. Notice that by checking if the file exists, you don’t have to enter the dictionary words every time you test the program. If you want to create a new file of words, delete the words.txt file from the project folder.
